---
title: New Years Resolutions 2025
layout: post
--- 

Better to put them to paper somewhere!

> ### Post here at around twice a month

I'll start off with the one most relevant to you - the reader! I think this is the sweet spot for someone like me who only does this for fun. Of these these two articles, some *may* be relatively low effort (at least to write/compile like this one), but I think it would be productive to put my efforts into inclreasing quality at this pace rather than increasing the pace. Burnout is also something to consider. Sometimes less is more.

> ### Get better at remembering names

I'm not a names person. I have a comically short term memory for this type of information. My guess is because I remember stuff best by association (oh, the guy with the cool jacket), and the fact that names are never correlated with *anything* else about a person, it's hard to derive it from anything else about them. Still, I'm going to make a conscious effort this year to get better at remembering names - using whether memory tricks I can.

Not a very SMART goal - but I'm not sure how to turn this into a metric.

> ### Write more code

Lame. I know. But with how many projects never leave the research phase in my backlog I think this is warranted. I've got so many projects where I have a proper understanding of the problem and my solution but I never start because... the tech stack is too annoying... or the boilerplate is too complicated... or the thought of actually *writing* the code suddenly kills all motivation I had for it.

For something measurable, I want to make at least 1 meaningful contribution (features, not commits!) to a side project every week. For code, this would look like activity on my Github pixel-thing. For more open ended stuff (based on experimentation/research), this would look like a writeup in the form of a devblog (like the [OpenWRT](/blog/2023/openwrt1) post).